# Live Instagram log-in page brute-force

## Overview
**Live-Insta-log-in-page-brute-force** is a potent tool specifically designed to assess the security integrity of Instagram login pages through brute-force attacks. However, it's imperative to understand that gaining unauthorized access to accounts is illegal. This tool should only be utilized for educational purposes or with explicit permission.

## Installation Process
To install the tool, follow these steps:

0. Begin by installing a package:
    ```bash
    $ pip install pyautogui

    ```

1. cloning the repository:
    ```bash
    $ git clone https://github.com/MichaelDim02/Narthex.git && cd Narthex
    ```

2. Run the installation command:
    ```bash
    $ sudo make install
    ```

3. Navigate to the parent directory:
    ```bash
    $ cd ../
    ```

4. Run the tool:
    ```bash
    $ nwiz
    ```

    This will initiate the tool, prompting you to answer various questions.

5. Next, clone the repository containing the brute-force tool:
    ```bash
    $ git clone https://github.com/SyedMdAbuHaider/xmatexinsta.git
    $ cd xmatexinsta
    ```

6. Execute the brute-force script, providing the path to your desired password list generated by the Narthex tool (located in the Narthex folder, named after the victim):
    ```bash
    $ python code.py passlist.py
    ```
## N.B:
after running the script you have to switch to the Instagram login page within 5 seconds you have to point your cursor in the password box by clicking the left key on the mouse and before that, you have to write the username at the specific box this tool is just for password attack.


## Features
- Brute force attack capability on Instagram login pages.
- Utilizes multi-threading for optimized performance.
- Offers customizable parameters for enhanced flexibility.
- Boasts a user-friendly command-line interface.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x must be installed.
- Install the required Python packages using the provided requirements.txt file.
